so I don't know if you know this but
it's it's an interesting fact it's it's
a extremely interesting fact in my
estimation do you know that sex itself
evolved to deal with
parasites I did
not okay so here's the here's the
idea I mean I don't know if there's
there are very few truths that are more
fundamental than this
one
so parasites are typically simpler than
their
hosts so they can breed faster and what
that means is that in an arm race
between host and parasites the parasites
can win because they breed faster so
they can evolve
faster so sex evolved to confuse the
parasites imagine that the best way for
your genes to replicate themselves would
be for you
to breed parth genetically you just
clone
yourself there's no reason for a sexual
partner when you have a sexual partner
half your genes are left behind that's a
big cost to pay if the goal is Gene
propagation the parasite problem is so
immense that sexually reproducing
creatures and that's the bulk of
creatures that there are sexually
reproducing creatures are willing to
sacrifice half their genes to mix up
their physiology
so that parasites can't be transmitted
perfectly from generation to generation
so the parasite problem is so imense
that it caused the evolution of sex and
creatures will sacrifice half their
genes to prevent it so what that implies
like we have this whole new digital
ecosystem right which is a biological
Revolution for all intents and purposes
it's a whole new level of reality and
the parasite problem is very like to be
overwhelming I mean we have police
forces we have laws we have prisons to
deal with parasites in their human form
but now we have a whole new ecosystem
that is amenable to the invasion of the
parasites and they are coming like mad I
mean in all sorts of forms I mean we
don't even know how extensive the
problem is to some degree because
there's not just the criminals that you
talk about they're bad enough or they're
bad but we ALS o have the online troll
types who use social media to spread
derision and to play sadistic tricks and
games and to manipulate for attention
and we know that they're sadistic
Psychopathic MCU valan and narcissistic
because the psychological data is
already in they fall into the parasite
category and we also have all that quasi
criminal activity like pornography and
so it's certainly possible that if the
internet in some sense is a new
ecosystem full of new life forms that it
could be swamped by the parasites and
taken
out that's that that's the that's what
you'd predict from a biological
perspective looking at the history of
life and so this is an
unbelievably deep and profound problem
see I I kind of think this is one of the
main dangers of this untrammeled online
criminality is that societies themselves
tend
to undergo revolutionary coll stops when
the parasites get the upper hand and
it's definitely the case by that by
allowing the unregulated
flourishing of parasitical criminals
online that we risk we really risk
destabilizing our whole
society because when they when those
sorts of people become
successful that's very bad news for
everyone else it doesn't take that many
of them to really cause trouble so
anyways that's a bit of a segue
well it it's it's it's it's it's pretty
fascinating a couple quick points here
so so
one the the primary concern for the
entities in digital is on their
content versus the consumer so there's
content adjacency the the largest flag
we have for Content that's brought by
Third parties that's going to run on
someone else's content is the Israel
Hamas conflict the reason for that is
the less about having a person get upset
than it is for having a large brand like
Coca-Cola or Proctor and Gamble have
other content that's going to run near
that Israel Hamas context right just in
vicinity yeah yeah that and that that is
that is a that is worrying about pixels
or perhaps the name of a corporation
more than the impact on the grandmother
right who's going to be hit in the next
impression with the crime and so we
we're still in a in a in a nent spot
within the tech infrastructure where
those who would provide the capital to
provide us with all of those free
services are dominating the conversation
that's part of why a government needs to
step in and say we're going to focus um
on on crime what that also does when
getting getting back to a parasitic
Evolution what's the sacrifice um that
big teac digital media and the
corporates the brands are going to make
in order to prot protect
grandmothers right now the the the
bigger concern is about what might be
fake so because it's wasting a penny or
a fraction of a penny when a pixel is
delivered to an end device the spend is
about monetizing each individual you
know nanc to to pixel that's going to
run in front of us versus um the
consumer and I think this is this is an
incredibly myopic Viewpoint digital
safety for the brand is about making
sure the picture of their product is in
a happy location while grandmothers are
losing bank accounts and I think I think
that evolution is going to require
require a a sacrifice I think the
companies that that engage in digital
safety and and many big Tech and digital
media companies go way out of their way
to to do a go good job protecting people
ultimately they're going to win because
the relationship with with us is going
to be so much significantly better and
and protected and trusted that they're
just going to wind up um interfacing
with us uh uh better than than those who
are trying to protect their own right
right right right right now that's an
optimist well that makes sense to me
that's an optim IC view because I mean
fundamentally what makes companies
wealthy reliably over the long run is
the bond of trust that they have with
their
customers right that's what brand that's
what a that's really what a brand worth
is in the final analysis I mean Disney
was worth a fortune as a brand because
everybody
trusted both their products and the
intent behind them and so that's a very
hard thing to build up but it is the
basis of wealth I mean trust is the
basis of wealth and so it's interesting
to contemplate the fact that that means
that it might be in the best interests
of the large online companies to ensure
the safety of the people who at rather
than the safety of their products the
safety of the people who are using their
services that's a good that's an
interesting to think about
[Music]